README.md, before:

# EventsApi
An event management project

# Table of content
1. [Architecture](#architecture)
2. [How To Run](#how-to-run)
3. [Swagger](#swagger)
4. [Logs](#logs)
5. [Tests](#tests)

--------

## Architecture 
The chosen design pattern for this project is N-Tire.

The tiers are:
* App Tier - Using fastapi to exports an api 
* BL Tier - In the BL folder all the logic happens
* DL Tier - In the DL folder the access for the data happens



```angular2html
├── App
│   └── Routers # Contains all the api routes
├── Application.db
├── BL # Business Level
│   ├── DTO # All project DTOs
│   ├── Events
│   ├── Logger
│   └── UserActions.py # Users 
├── DL # Data level
│   ├── Repositories # Object that "knows" the tables and their fields
│   │   ├── EventRepo.py
│   │   └── UsersRepo.py
│   └── SqlExecutor.py # The sql commands executor
├── Test # pytest Tests
├── conf # project configurations
├── logs # logs directory
└── main.py

```

--------

## How To Run

### Prerequisites
* Install python (for the development python 3.12 was used)
* Install the requirements: ```pip install -r requirements.txt```

### Run
To run the project run in the cli:
```uvicorn main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000 --reload --log-config ./conf/log_config.yml```

--------

## Swagger
For api documentation there is a swagger at the path `/docs.

When running on your host you can access (http://localhost:8000/docs)

--------

## Logs
The project has a logger that writes its logs into `/logs/app-logs.log`

To change the path/file you can change the logger configuration under `conf/log_config.yml`

A log is written for each event that happens in the api and in json format

An example for a log:
``
{"@timestamp": "2023-12-19 10:44:11,393", "level": "INFO", "message": "Event created", "http_code": "200", "response": "{\"message\": \"Event created\", \"event_id\": 27}", "payload": "name='string' start_time=datetime.datetime(2023, 12, 20, 8, 44, 5, 266000, tzinfo=TzInfo(UTC)) team1='string' team2='string' location='string' participants=0"}``

-------

## Tests
All the tests are in the `/Test` folder

To run the tests run - `pytest`

Commit message:

Added rate limit to readme

README.md, after:

# EventsApi
An event management project

# Table of content
1. [Architecture](#architecture)
2. [How To Run](#how-to-run)
3. [Swagger](#swagger)
4. [Logs](#logs)
5. [Tests](#tests)

--------

## Architecture 
The chosen design pattern for this project is N-Tire.

The tiers are:
* App Tier - Using fastapi to exports an api 
* BL Tier - In the BL folder all the logic happens
* DL Tier - In the DL folder the access for the data happens



```angular2html
├── App
│   └── Routers # Contains all the api routes
├── Application.db
├── BL # Business Level
│   ├── DTO # All project DTOs
│   ├── Events
│   ├── Logger
│   └── UserActions.py # Users 
├── DL # Data level
│   ├── Repositories # Object that "knows" the tables and their fields
│   │   ├── EventRepo.py
│   │   └── UsersRepo.py
│   └── SqlExecutor.py # The sql commands executor
├── Test # pytest Tests
├── conf # project configurations
├── logs # logs directory
└── main.py

```

--------

## How To Run

### Prerequisites
* Install python (for the development python 3.12 was used)
* Install the requirements: ```pip install -r requirements.txt```

### Run
To run the project run in the cli:
```uvicorn main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000 --reload --log-config ./conf/log_config.yml```

### Rate Limit
The API has a rate limit of 5 requests per 5 seconds 
--------

## Swagger
For api documentation there is a swagger at the path `/docs.

When running on your host you can access (http://localhost:8000/docs)

--------

## Logs
The project has a logger that writes its logs into `/logs/app-logs.log`

To change the path/file you can change the logger configuration under `conf/log_config.yml`

A log is written for each event that happens in the api and in json format

An example for a log:
``
{"@timestamp": "2023-12-19 10:44:11,393", "level": "INFO", "message": "Event created", "http_code": "200", "response": "{\"message\": \"Event created\", \"event_id\": 27}", "payload": "name='string' start_time=datetime.datetime(2023, 12, 20, 8, 44, 5, 266000, tzinfo=TzInfo(UTC)) team1='string' team2='string' location='string' participants=0"}``

-------

## Tests
All the tests are in the `/Test` folder

To run the tests run - `pytest`
